update: readme files (#53)
Kotlin/kotlin-wasm-examples: nodejs-example/README.md

# Kotlin/Wasm Node.js example

> This example shows a simple application printing "Hello World" in Node.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example showcases a simple app printing "Hello World" in Node.js.
```

![](screenshots/hello-world.png)

> **Note:**
> This application uses a nightly version of Node.js 20.

In the next sections, you can find information to try out this application built with Kotlin/Wasm.

## Set up the environment

Before you start, prepare the IDE you require to run the application.

### IDE

We recommend using [IntelliJ IDEA 2023.1 or later](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) to work with the project.
It supports Kotlin/Wasm out of the box.

## Build and run

To build and run the application:

1. In IntelliJ IDEA, open the repository.
2. Navigate to the `nodejs-example` project folder.
3. Run the application by using the following Gradle command:

> `./gradlew wasmJsNodeRun`

Reviewer: I think we could add this command in step 3

Author: I tried it, but it is not that visible and hard to scan, I'll leave it as it is in a separate line.
